What is a Neo4j graph database?
A Neo4j graph database stores nodes and relationships instead of tables or documents. Data is stored just like you might sketch ideas on a whiteboard. Your data is stored without restricting it to a pre-defined model, allowing a very flexible way of thinking about and using it.
The property graph model
In Neo4j, information is organized as nodes, relationships, and properties.
Nodes are the entities in the graph.

Nodes can be tagged with labels, representing their different roles in your domain (for example, Person).
Nodes can hold any number of key-value pairs, or properties (for example, name).
Node labels may also attach metadata (such as index or constraint information) to certain nodes.
Relationships provide directed, named connections between two node entities (for example, Person LOVES Person).
Relationships always have a direction, a type, a start node, and an end node, and they can have properties, just like nodes.
Nodes can have any number or type of relationships without sacrificing performance.
Although relationships are always directed, they can be navigated efficiently in any direction.

So .. What is Neo4j?
Neo4j is offered as a managed cloud service via AuraDB. But you can also run Neo4j yourself with either Community Edition or Enterprise Edition. The Enterprise Edition includes all the features of Community Edition, plus extra enterprise requirements such as backups, clustering, and failover abilities. Neo4j is written in Java and Scala, and the source code is available on GitHub.

What makes Neo4j the easiest graph to work with?
Cypher®, a declarative query language similar to SQL, but optimized for graphs. Now used by other databases like SAP HANA Graph and Redis graph via the openCypher project.
Constant time traversals in big graphs for both depth and breadth due to efficient representation of nodes and relationships. Enables scale-up to billions of nodes on moderate hardware.
Flexible property graph schema that can adapt over time, making it possible to materialize and add new relationships later to shortcut and speed up the domain data when the business needs change.
Drivers for popular programming languages, including Java, JavaScript, .NET, Python, and many more.

My link for the resource that I used : https://neo4j.com/docs/getting-started/get-started-with-neo4j/graph-database/
